---
comments: true
date: 2009-12-21 20:11:36
layout: post
slug: airbearchee
title: Sao Paulo
wordpress_id: 954
categories:
- Brazil
---

The boys left Floripa to catch their flight and I headed to the bus station for another super comfortable bus ride back to Sao Paulo.  Please note, “super comfortable” was not said in jest here.  The busses are “executive” busses and have big reclining seats that recline enough so that you are almost horizontal.  They also show multiple decent movies along the way.  Basically this is the most comfortable way I’ve found of traveling anywhere on the globe.  Anyways…after a great overnight 12 hour bus ride, I arrived in Sao Paulo around 8 in the morning and bought a ticket to Juquehy where I was supposed to be meeting Herbert and Maya.  Luckily I sat down to check my email and found out that the hotel they were staying at refused to allow me to stay in the room with them.  So rather than going up there to meet them and getting my own hotel I decided to stay in the city and get a hostel for the night.  I took the metro to the Limetime hostel, which btw was a lot of fun and would recommend to anyone in Sao Paulo who likes to party.  The metro in Sao Paulo was surprisingly good.  The trains came extremely frequently, and there were little designated areas where people queued up to enter the train.  When the train stopped, one side of the train would open and people could exit, and the other side would open and people could enter, brilliant.  The problem with the metro is that it only service a tiny portion of the city, if I had to guess I’d say less than 30% of the geographic area.  Now given, the city is monstrous, but it’s pretty absurd not to have a functioning metro in a city of 16+ million people.  This leads to my next aside which is that the traffic in Sao Paulo beats any city hands down.  New York, Houston, LA, all take a backseat to Sao Paulo.  It took me over an hour to go 5 kilometers in a taxi within two normal parts of the city, not even in “El Centro”.  I arrived at my hostel with surprisingly few problems, using my absolutely piss poor Portuguese to navigate my way through the subways, switching trains and ending up at the right destination.  The hostel was in Bella Vista which was a nice part of town near a big Mall and a number of decent places to eat.  

I unpacked my stuff, wasted the day away catching up on the internet, grabbed some food, and then started meeting people at the hostel.  I met a couple cool Australian girls, a French Canadian girl, an Australian guy who spoke fluent Portuguese and worked at the hostel, a Croatian girl, and a bunch of other randos.  The back part of the hostel had a big café/bar area where they served beers and caipirinhas.  It was the best bar setup of any hostels I’ve been to and facilitated a nice social atmosphere even for those who weren’t planning on going out.  The Australian guy, Ben, had two Brazillian girls coming over and they had VIP passes so we could go to some club called Heaven that had a 150 Reais (80 USD) cover but we’d get in free with the passes.  So we chilled at the bar with the girls, drank a bunch of Caipirinhas and then headed to the club around 2AM.  The club scene was kinda weak, although not bad I guess given it being a Wednesday night.  In contrast to Floripa, there was a 3:1 guy to girl ratio, the girls were good looking, but not astounding, and drinks were 25 Reais a piece.  My inability to speak Portuguese was once again a killer as Ben was able to entertain the girls all night and I stood there like a mute.  All in all the night was a lot of fun, a lot of other people from the hostel ended up joining us, and we all danced until around 6AM.  One interesting note was that in Floripa and Rio, guys standard game seemed to be grabbing girls, talking to them or dancing with them for 5 minutes, and then making out with them.  In Sao Paulo, maybe because it’s more of a working rather than party city, it seemed more like New York.  Guys would approach girls more cautiously, and chat with them for a long time before trying to dance with them, and there were very few people making out at the club.  So I didn’t feel as lame leaving without a girl that night.  
[gallery]
