---
comments: true
date: 2009-11-11 18:05:55
layout: post
slug: nikko
title: Nikko
wordpress_id: 743
categories:
- Tokyo
---

I finally got out of Tokyo and decided to do a day trip to Nikko.  The train ride was long, but the seats were comfortable and I was stoked to finally be exploring Japan a little bit.  After a 1.5-2HR ride I arrived at the town center.  I grabbed some food and bought a bus pass that takes you to all the historical sights.  Once you head up into the mountains on the bus you immediately see what all the fuss is about.  Nikko looks like you expect Japan to look like.  Particularly in the fall the trees are turning the most beautiful red’s and oranges and the whole forest looks like it’s on fire.  Interspersed between the trees in the forest are these really cool Monasteries and Temples.  You feel like you’ve stumbled onto an ancient Samurai camp.  Unfortunately all the tours and information are in Japanese so I learned very little about what any of the temples and/or statues actually represented or were used for back in the day.  Despite that, just spending the day wandering through the forests and checking out the temples was sick.  Around 4PM I decided to head further up the mountain so I could check out the onsen (Japanese Baths).  This was another awesome experience.  The lady at the bus stop recommended a hotel on this lake in the mountains.  As I arrived the sun was setting over the mountains and water and the air was crisp and cool.  They give you slippers and a towel and you go into a sort of rustic all wooden building where there’s a changing room and then a 10 by 20 3 foot deep pool.  The whole place reeks of sulfur as I imagine that’s what is causing the natural heating of the water.  You acclimate to the sulfur pretty quickly although I think I breathed through my mouth the whole time.  You shower and wash yourself before you go into the bath and then get into the pool.  I have to say it was kinda weird to be kicking it naked in a shallow pool with like 10 old Japanese dudes, but it was also really cool.  It felt like stepping into a time warp to another world.  The water is so hot and relaxing and you can sort of feel all the minerals seeping into your body and making you healthier (probably totally placebo effect).  The back wall of the onsen was all glass and I sat in the natural hot springs and watched the sun set over the lake.  It was about as relaxing and cool of an experience as I’ve had on the trip.

[gallery]
