---
comments: true
date: 2009-10-16 01:32:19
layout: post
slug: '385'
title: Chiang Mai
wordpress_id: 385
categories:
- Thailand
---

Hello Blog readers, I apologize for not updating.  The past week+ has been pretty insane, and I've had little time to myself and even less internet access.  Here are the updates.

Arrived in Chiang Mai at around 9:30AM after a long train ride. I missed my trek so I scheduled it for the next morning.  I signed up for something called Flight of the Gibbon which is basically a giant zip line course set up in the canopy in the mountains where the Gibbons live.  I was going to do something called the Gibbon experience which Adam had recommended as one of his favorite things on his whole Southeast Asia trip, but due to tons of rain, and limited time I thought it’d be too difficult and time consuming to make it up to.  I figured I could kill two birds with one stone by doing a similar thing in Chiang Mai.  The experience was fun and cool, but not exactly how I had pictured it.  They were really big on safety, which is reassuring as you are hundred of feet up in the air and if you fell would instantly die, but also kind of sucks as the thrill of being up there in the trees is kind of lost when you are strapped in and out of harnesses and don’t really get to do much yourself.  There’s about 40 stretches of cable the longes one is 300 meters and is over an amazing sort of gorge where you can look out and see all the way to Chiang Mai.  Unfortunately it was raining and super cloudy so I couldn’t see anything but could imagine how amazing the view would be from up there in better weather.  Overall a positive experience but I probably wouldn’t recommend it to friends.  My guides were James Bond and Paul and were pretty hilarious characters.  Kicking it with them was probably the highlight of the day.  Like all the other guides I have met in Thailand they spent most of the day calling each other ladyboys which is analogous to American guys called each other “Homos”.  Good to see men are as immature in other countries as they are in America.[gallery]
