---
comments: true
date: 2009-10-16 03:14:43
layout: post
slug: schnapps
title: Schnapps
wordpress_id: 418
categories:
- Thailand
---

This is a random sidenote but I found it interesting.  The Austrian girls carry around Schnapps with them wherever they go.  This is not the same thing as Schnapps in America that is sweet and really low percentage alcohol.  It is usually between 40-60 percent alcohol but can go up to 80%.  Every family makes it themselves and therefore can distill it to whatever percentage they prefer.  It’s made with fruit and alcohol and is distilled multiple times to get the desired percentage of alcohol.  The girls said there’s was over 60% and I believe them as it burns your throat when it goes down.  They drink it once a day and say it’s very healthy for you.  I think this is a pretty cool tradition.

Right now I’m in a minibus headed to Chiang Khong where you catch the slow boat down the Mekong river to Luang Prabang in Laos.  Rikki and Kieran have to stay in Chang Mai for 5 days to make sure her finger doesn’t get infected, the Austrian girl are going to do a few days in Chang Rai and maybe Pai and then head to Laos.  Me and Pim are in the minibus with two girls from Denmark who I had to embarrassingly ask what language they spoke there (hint: it’s Danish).  They asked me if it was true that all Americans thought that IKEA was the capitol of Sweeden and I said yes because I thought it was hilarious.  We also have an Aussie and two English girls although the Aussie is doing a land tour rather than the 2 day boat trip down the river.  It’s a good crew and I’m excited for the boat trip which is supposed to be gorgeous, and Luang Prabang which is supposed to be insanely beautiful.  Preitty couldn’t get a flight to Chiang Mai so is meeting me in Luang Prabang on Monday.

