---
comments: true
date: 2009-11-02 05:54:46
layout: post
slug: first-full-day-in-tokyo
title: Begging For Yen in the Tokyo Subway
wordpress_id: 654
categories:
- Tokyo
---

This day may have been the most difficult day I've faced so far on the trip.  If you've been reading this blog then you know that I lost my wallet in Bali.  I haven't had an ATM card since then, just a credit card, and have had my roommates send me cash periodically.  When I was in China I noticed I was running low so I asked Russ to send me some cash.  I didn't have time to pick it up in China, so I figured I'd just grab it when I got to Tokyo.  My hostel required up front payment for the 5 nights I was staying, so I had to give up about 13,000 Yen of my remaining 15,000 Yen.  Then after food on Friday night and Saturday morning I had about 1,000 Yen left.  I headed into the city to go to the bank where I could pick up the moneygram transfer.  When I got to the bank, it was around 2PM and I was told that because China was specified as the country where I could pick up the money, I could not pick it up in Japan.  I didn't know it was country specific and begged the bank and then the moneygram people to give me the money, but apparently there was nothing that could be done.  Then I noticed my 1,000 Yen note had fallen out of my wallet, which meant I only had the coins in my pocket, which was about 50 Yen.  Its 190 Yen for a subway ticket.  The bank guy suggested getting a cash advance.  I walked to the subway to find a public phone, but couldn't figure out how to use the Japanese public phones.  I walked back to the bank and asked if they'd let me use one of the bank's phone to call my credit card company to see how to get a cash advance.  The manager took pity on me and let me use his.  My citibank said I could go to any bank with my ID and CC and get an advance.  Phew.  However the bank manager told me that no banks were open, and wouldn't reopen till Monday.  So I had to borrow the phone again to see if there was an immediate way to set up a pin number.  There was, but I needed my checking account number for verification.  I had my checking account number, but it was back in my bag at the hostel.  Awesome.  So I had to get back to my hotel with only 50 Yen.  So I resolved to go beg for money in the subway.  Once I got in the subway I saw a Starbucks and figured if I could use their wireless I must have my account number somewhere online.  However, due to the language barrier they couldn't figure out how to get me on their wireless.  So I was back to the begging plan, but at least I had a mango latte on hand.  I figured I'd wait for the first Westerner I saw, plead my case, and since I clearly wasn't a bum begging for money, I was well dressed, clean shaven, had an American passport etc etc, I figured it'd be pretty easy.  I'm happy to report that the first person I asked gave me the money, and was really cool about it and was like hey I've been there before, don't worry about it at all.  When I went to the ticket machine though, I realize I had done some math wrong, and was still 10 Yen short, so I turned to the Japanese girl next to me hoping she spoke English and asked for 10 Yen.  That's like 1 cent so she was more than happy to help me out.  I finally got on the subway and made it back to the hostel.  I called citibank and got the pin number set up.  I went to 7-11 and used the ATM to get a cash advance, but it didn't work!  Then I really started to freak out.  I went back to my hotel, called citibank and they told me there was a fraud alert on my card because someone tried to get a cash advance with my card in Japan.  That person was me I told them!  Oh ok all good now then!  Thanks citi!  I went back to 7-11 and finally got my hands on some cash.  Never felt so relieved to put bills in my wallet.[gallery]
