---
comments: true
date: 2009-10-05 01:12:09
layout: post
slug: bangkok
title: Bangkok
wordpress_id: 365
categories:
- Thailand
---

When you go to Thailand everyone tells you not to go to Bangkok and the minute you arrive you understand why.  Bangkok is the epitome of a crowded dirty city.  It’s like all of the bad things about New York magnified and without any of the good things.  I managed to pick a hotel in the area that was analogous to the lower east side or east village 20 years ago.  It was really noisy, they blocked the street off and people were partying late.  A great place for a hotel.  The next day I woke up, read up on Burma visas and decided it was too much of a hassle and decided to go straight to Chang Mai.  I hopped in a tuk tuk who offered to drive me around the city to see the temples for 10 baht for 1 hour.  I was a little wary as it cost me 300 baht to get by taxi to my hotel and I had heard of many tuk tuk scams in Bangkok.  He told me the route we’d take which included a stop at the Transit Authority and I explained that I didn’t need to go there.  He explained to me that he gets free gas for bringing me there, so all I had to do was go in, pretend like I was interested and then tell them I’d think about it and leave with him.  This way we’d hit up the places I wanted to go, he’d take me to a few places that’d give him free gas and we both win.  I was so pleased with his honestly that I decided to help him out and offered to go to as many free gas places as he wanted as I didn’t have anything better to do and I hate the people who work at the TAT’s.  As an aside, I don’t know how many people have experience these types of places but each one I’ve been to the people are pushy and are liars.  Oh you must buy this hotel the one you want to go to is full.  How do you know it’s full you haven’t even called them to ask?  Oh no it’s high season very difficult to get room, must buy now. Etc etc.  These people are on my list right up there with lawyers and gov’t beaurocracies.

One of the places “John” my driver took me too was a suit shop.  He told me I had to go in for 10 minutes, act interested and he’d get his free gas.  However, once I got in there and started talking to the salesman, I realized I could get two cashmere suits custom tailored for around 500 USD and they’d even mail it to NYC.  I figured this was too good an opportunity to pass up so the haggling began.  I decided I wanted to get a vest with one of the suits and one summer suit and they threw in two custom tailored shirts.  All in all a pretty amazing deal.  

The temples I saw had some really cool stuff.  The standing Buddha was enormous and pretty cool.  My favorite was Wat Saket.  The grand palace was pretty spectacular but it was 400 Baht to get in which seemed like a rip off so I skipped it.  My driver offered to take me to the train station if I would stop at another TAT which was right next to it which he promised was actually a good one and would give me the best prices.  He was right and they offered me prices about 75% lower than the other TAT’s had.  The guy was from New Zealand and I couldn’t place his accent and then I realized I rememberd it from Flight of the Conchords and realized where he was from.  He was the first guy that didn’t try to sell me anything.  I asked for a train ticket and he told me the cheapest and best train to get on.  I was so pleased by his straightforward manner that I wanted to give him some business so I booked a hotel and the 3 day 2 night hiking trek everyone had been hawking all day.  He was a photographer like myself (although probably a lot better).  We exchanged flickr profiles (check out his stuff www.flickr.com/photos/simionparisphotography ) and he told me about cool stuff to photograph in Chang Mai.  He even let me use their shower so I could get cleanup up before the 13 hour train ride.  What a great day.  [gallery]

