---
comments: true
date: 2009-10-30 12:26:24
layout: post
slug: the-american-propoganda-machine
title: The American Propoganda Machine
wordpress_id: 606
categories:
- China
---

In my conversations with Iris, the Chinese girl who showed me around Beijing, it occurred to me that the American machine has almost as much propaganda as China.  When I told Iris I would be in Beijing on Thursday, she was like oh I can’t drive on Thursday till after 8PM, which of course made me laugh.  I asked why not and she said traffic control.  What is traffic control?  Well if you have a 1 or a 0 at the end of your license plate you can’t drive on Thursdays because Beijing has too many cars and this is how they reduce the amount of cars on the road.  This made me laugh because it was such a typically communist way to handle a problem.  Oh this is not working? Ok these people are no longer allowed to do that.  I explained that in America this would never be allowed.  How do you handle the problem she inquired?  I explained that we would use taxes, to create a disincentive to drive.  I gave the recently proposed tax to drive into Manhattan during the week as an example.  She pointed out that both methods solve the problem, except one distributes the burden equally among all citizens, whereas our solution would benefit the rich most, as they would be spending a smaller amount of their income if they wanted to use the road, and poor people would probably not be able to afford it.  It’s not as if this had never occurred to me, as a matter of fact it was the main reason the proposed tax failed, but it was kind of revolutionary to think that really these are just two approaches to the same problem.  Each would have potential positives and negatives, and a more logical approach, would be to consider both like I would any proposals, rather than dismissing one out of hand as being communist and therefore stupid.  I am about as staunch a libertarian as you will find in America, being an econ major and spending too much time reading business literature, but it just made me step back and think about all the other capitalist/American ideas had been pounded into my head for so long that I never took time to acknowledge that there are other ways of looking at things, and maybe I/WE might have some things wrong.
On a similar note, I have had to speak for America everywhere I go.  I often get pulled into political debates with people from other countries because I am the first intelligent American they have met and they want me to speak to why America does this, or why America does that.  In most cases I try and give the most reasoned out answer I can and try and explain why in many cases, things we do may not make at first glance the most sense, but here is at least the history and reasoning behind this or that.  I also explain, that in most cases I agree with them, and their countries views, and that in most cases I think what we are doing in this or that circumstance is foolish, but as a democracy, I have little direct power to change it.  The biggest thing I’ve had to answer for is healthcare.  People all around the world look at us and laugh, and can’t believe that we can’t figure this out.  We spend more money than anyone on healthcare by double in many cases, and still leave our poor people to die in the streets.  How can such a rich country justify this?  This is where I am most often left without words, and really ashamed to be an American.  If all these other poorer countries have figured this out, it’s criminal that we haven’t/can’t.  I hope Obama can fix this.

