---
comments: true
date: 2009-10-27 05:30:14
layout: post
slug: regrets
title: Regrets
wordpress_id: 616
categories:
- Malaysia
---

Ever since I went to Mexico when I was a Junior in High School and was too much of a p*ssy to try and kiss this girl who I had a crush on and who I later learned had a crush on me I decided I’d live with no regrets.  I’ve never wanted to regret either doing something, or being too scared to not do it (more the latter as it’s hard to control what you WILL regret doing).  However, the biggest regret I’ve had in a while has been missing my plane in KL.  It cost me about 400 USD because apparently the ticket I had was a promotional no refund whatsoever ticket.  I spoke to the supervisor of all of Malaysia airlines and he was still unwilling to budge whatsoever.  They couldn’t put me on standby because all their planes were overbooked.  I understood his position given that it was entirely my fault for missing my plane, not his.  I lost a night in Shanghai and 400 USD as a result of my stupidity.  For most of my life, my dad and I have argued over being late/early to things, me insisting that we were wasting time by showing up early.  I’ve taken probably 50 or so flights in my life, and have never missed one, except for one post green key one but that was unavoidable as I knew if I drank until 6AM it was highly likely I’d miss my flight and accepted that when I had my first beer.  Other than that though I roll into the airport at the last possible minute and always have gotten on my flight with no problems.  This is the first and last flight I will miss as I am conceding to my father that even a 49/50 hit rate makes the one I missed a higher cost than all the potential hours I’d lose by getting to the airport early for the rest of my life.  Losing out on a night in Shanghai and 400 USD was crushing, and I’d easily give up an extra hour for every flight I’d saved on the past 49 to have made my plane that morning.  That said, if it costs me 400 USD and one day to learn that lesson at 26, maybe it was well worth it.  
