---
comments: true
date: 2009-11-29 13:55:23
layout: post
slug: trip-to-rio
title: Trip to Rio
wordpress_id: 831
categories:
- Brazil
---

I left Hawaii around noon and headed to LA.  I got into LA late and stayed with my buddy Josh (who I met in Hawaii).  Luckily he lived in downtown LA so he was right near union station where the bus let me off.  He lives in a big loft building which is actually pretty cool in the artists district.  He lives with a bunch of other Scientology kids (long story).  It was awesome to see him again.  We went out the minute I got there as they had been waiting for me and headed to a bar that was supposed to be the kind of post dodgeball bar.  Apparently in LA there is a dodgeball scene that is similar to the williamsburg kickball scene.  Although when we got to the bar the scene was significantly weaker than what I'm used to post game in Brooklyn.  So after a bit we left looking for more of a party and did some bar hopping but never really came upon much.  Despite that, it was awesome to see Josh again, and get the updates on how his life is going and let him know what I've been up to etc etc.  We also crushed some late night Jack in the Box which really hit the spot.  One of Josh's boys was nice enough to give me a lift to the airport in the morning and I there I headed to Mexico city.  I got to Mexico city in the late afternoon and had about a 6 hour layover before my redeye to Sao Paulo.  I kicked it in the Chili's in the airport because they had wireless and then caught my plane to SP.  I had planned on catching a bus to Rio because I heard the scenery was awesome, but Abreu informed me that the bus station in Rio was in a real sinister part of town and showing up there with all my bags looking like a tourist could be real sketchy so I decided to catch a plane instead.  I got to Rio about two hours after arriving in SP to find out that the girls I was supposed to meet there had missed their flight out of Buenos Aires because they had gotten wasted the night before and slept through their alarm.  It was one of the more amusing emails I've ever gotten. So I caught the bus towards Leblon, where our hotel was, which is just west of Ipanema and Copacabana beaches.  The bus ride was a nightmare as it took about 3 hours to travel 30 km due to rush hour traffic.  When I got there I was so worn out from 48 hours of traveling that I figured it'd be more worthwhile to capitalize on the extra time solo and get some work done rather than going to party by myself.  Jenny was supposed to arrive around 11am the next day so I figured i'd stay up late and she'd arrive around when I woke up.  Somehow there was a front desk mix up and they had put me in a different room than the girl were staying in so even though she got in at 1 I didn't find her till like 4.  It was great to see her again though and we went for a walk to go explore the coastline and get some food.  The girls didn't get in until around 9 due to the same crazy traffic but when they got there they were ready to party...
