---
comments: true
date: 2009-11-12 18:06:11
layout: post
slug: shinjuku
title: Shinjuku
wordpress_id: 755
categories:
- Tokyo
---

After Nikko and the long train ride I decided to go out to see the red light district of Shinjuku, but by the time I was ready to go it had started raining again pretty steadily and I didn’t want to be wandering around the city late at night all wet or miss the last train back and get stuck out all night in the wet and cold.  So I ended up just drinking beers and whiskey alone in my room and chatting on gchat.  The next morning was my last day in Tokyo so I wanted to see Shinjuku which was kind of like the midtown/times square of Tokyo.  I caught an early train that way knowing that I had to catch a 8PM flight.  Shinjuku was cool, very New York Midtown feel but a little bit nicer.  I spent the day just walking around, checking out stores and checking out the architecture.  I found an electonics store that was massive and had a different type of gadget on each floor.  If you know me you know this is pretty much my version of heaven.  They had the most amazing little computers and I was so jealous at the wireless cards speed you could get for these tiny little netbook like devices.  I checked my watch and realized I was running a bit late so ran back to the subway and headed back to the hostel to check out.  On the train I realized the plane was at 7:30 not 8 and I had already left Shinjuku an hour later than I had planned so I panicked and thought I was in danger of missing the plane.  I ran back to the hostel, grabbed my stuff, checked out, and ran back to the subway to head to the airport train.  Luckily I pulled into the airport with about 1:15 till takeoff.  However at the information booth I found out I was at the wrong terminal, so I sprinted to a cab and rode about 5 minutes to the other terminal.  Luckily when I got to the counter they told me to relax and take a deep breath as I had made the plane.  Finally some good plane luck.

[gallery]
