---
comments: true
date: 2009-10-05 01:06:49
layout: post
slug: ko-samui
title: Ko Samui
wordpress_id: 340
categories:
- Thailand
---

I rushed to catch the ferry from Ko Tao to Ko Samui immediately after I finished my diving and it was a quick and pleasant ride.  Tons of people got off on Ko Pagnan for the full moon party but it didn’t sound even slightly appealing to me.  I went to the first beach bar I saw on Samui and used the internet to figure out a hotel and figure out where I was and relax with a beer.  I got a cab who promised to find me a hotel I would like for the right price for 300 baht.  Kinda pricey, but worth it.  I decided on the Hutcha Resort which was really nice, only 790 Baht and right on the beach.  I grabbed dinner and hit the sack early.  In the morning I woke up early so I could take pictures of the sunrise from the beach.  I was not disappointed.  The beach was gorgeous and the sunrise was amazing.  I also met an awesome dog, whose name I do not know as he was not wearing a tag, but I just named him Dawg.  We kicked it for a few hours on the beach taking pictures and fooling around in the rain and surf, it was a blast.  After that I booked a plane to Bangkok for that evening at 10, looked up an itinerary for the day, and rented a motorbike.  Cruising around the island by myself sans fellow travelers was great.  I could stop when/where I liked to take pics and didn’t have to worry about anyone else’s wants except my own.  The southern part of the island was spectacular.  I waded out into the water to get a bunch of great shots of the water, beaches and boats.  I visited Laem Sor Pagoda which was supposed to be a beautiful temple but turned out to be a pretty weak one.  Luckily I had had so much fun cruising around taking pictures that I was not disappointed at all.  I turned around and cruised back North to see the ice bar.

The ice bar has got to be one of the all time most gimmicky touristy things I’ve ever heard of, but I just couldn’t help myself.  It’s a bar in Chaweng beach that is -7 degress Celcius and completely made of ice.  It costs 375 baht just to go in and they give you a parka, gloves and fur hat.  The girls are dressed in furry white boots and school girl outfits and look amazing.  I got some cool pictures and bounced.  

[gallery]
