---
comments: true
date: 2009-10-22 10:32:15
layout: post
slug: the-beach
title: The Beach
wordpress_id: 523
categories:
- Laos
---

Have you ever seen the movie The Beach?  If so, that's the closest I can liken Vang Vieng to the beach.  It's in the middle of nowhere, like nowhere, and it's just this oasis in the middle of the desert.  A true backpacker town if I've ever seen one.  No hotels that cost more than 10 bucks a night.  The pizza place in town has a menu that includes, meth and joints, no joke.  The town only got electricity 10 years ago and some enterprising young locals decided to build all these bamboo bars and rope swings along the river.  If you're from Dartmouth, think Tubestock, on a scale you can't fathom.  The highest rope swing is about 30 meters high, and the first one you do is about 10 meters high.  Each bar has its own rope swing, and they are all different.  Some are zip lines, some you can swing back and forth to achieve maximum height, and one bar has a giant shower tile coated slide that shoots you from about 7 meters high upwards into the river.  You rent tubes in town, and are supposed to tube down the river which takes about 1-2 hours total, but it seems most people don't ever get past the 4th bar (mud bar).  The locals who work the bars have bottles tied to ropes they throw at your tube and drag you into various bars as you tube down.  Each bar has giant PA speakers that blast everything from European techno to American hip hop/rap.  This is by far the wildest party I have ever seen.  They also have free shots at each bar of the local Laos whiskey "Tiger" that also has snakes and bees in it at the bottoms.  The second shot I took of this stuff literally almost made everything come back up, it was truly vile.  The most surreal thing about the experience is that it's clear that a lot of people come, and never leave.  People tatoo (in blue magic marker) all kinds of clever slogans on their body along with the number of days in a row they've been tubing.  I saw one that was over 300 which I hope was a joke, but I saw some that I heard were more legit around 97 days.  As it gets dark everyone ends up at mud bar.  Aptly named, mud bar has a giant mud volleyball court with about 6 inches of really gooey mud.  It also has various pools that are more like giant holes in the ground filled with water.  By this time people are pretty wasted and everyone is just throwing each other in the mud and covered from head to toe in inches of mud.  It's such a fun way to end the day.    [gallery]
