---
comments: true
date: 2009-12-17 20:05:45
layout: post
slug: latitude
title: Latitude
wordpress_id: 934
categories:
- Brazil
---

Floripa days mainly consist of going to Praia Mole, drinking beers on the beach and/or eating at the little beach bars there.  It’s a pretty amazing upgrade from America to be able to sip Caipirinha’s and/or your drink of choice while you’re on the beach.  Why we can’t do this (legally) in America is beyond me.  When I first got to Floripa the waves were probably 9 foot sets but since it was a beach break the wave seemed to just close out on all the set waves.  I talked to an Australian kid who had been there a while and surfed it quite a bit said when the swell came in from the right direction it broke really nice but I was there for a week and never saw it breaking well once.  I tried paddling out the first day I was there but was using a board someone at the hostel loaned me that was waaay to small and had no wax on it so after paddling out I realized I was going to get worked and paddled right back in.  Yes I am a p*ssy.

The second night we were there I wanted to take a night off and the guys wanted to check out Jurere which is the super rich Northern part of the island where all the celebrities live in mansions and what not.  I got the feeling that since we were in the Hamptons in the winter that the place would be deserted, but they insisted on going.  As predicted, they spent an hour driving up and another hour driving back after realizing it was utterly deserted.  Since it was Hip Hop night Greg and Jeb made a late night foray into El Divino after returning from the North, and the rest of the guys went for another sunrise on the beach.  The next night we all went to Latitude which is a bar/club closer to Praia Mole where we were staying.  It was relatively deserted but we were wasted and met a couple girls who came back to the house late night for a wild late night dance party.  The guys from Houston had brought a strobe light which just seemed to turn the party up a couple notches not to mention us playing rap music at full volume on the stereo at 5AM.  A few times during the night the neighbors had the complex manager shut off all the power to the neighborhood.  At the time we assumed it was the circuit breaker and only later found out from the realtor what had actually happened.  After a long night we all hit up the beach for the sunrise again.  I woke up the next day realizing that I had gotten the bartenders number but she spoke only Portuguese and I at the time only knew how to say “Obrigado (thank you)” in Portuguese...
[gallery]
