---
comments: true
date: 2009-12-15 19:59:38
layout: post
slug: new-york-arrival
title: New York Arrival
wordpress_id: 903
categories:
- Brazil
---

The next day around 6 Jeb (my old boss at Proto) and his brother picked me up from my hostel and we headed over to the house.  The house was awesome, literally right across from Praia Mole which is “the” beach in Floripa, but everything was just slightly sub par.  We had an outdoor pool that was probably 6 feet long by 2 feet wide and 6 feet deep and was made of blue plastic.  We had a wooden above ground hot tub which had a sort of greenish color from algae growing in it, and a pretty baller steam room.  The house itself was more legit with the back being all glass panes so you could see the gorgeous backyard.  There was a big wooden thing set up with three really comfortable hammocks.  There were two big screen plasma’s and a killer home entertainment system.  And luckily there were beds enough for the eight of us staying there.  The 8 guys consisted of Jeb, myself, his brother Nick, and a mix of Nick’s high school and college friends.  Grant and Greg were New Yorkers and there were 3 guys from Houston, Matt, Alejandro and Hugh.  Everyone was in Brazil one week vacation party mode and I struggled to keep up.  We bought a bunch of beers (they mainly drink Brahma, Bohemia, Skol and Antartica down here) and got the party started.  I had heard from the hostel crew that El Divinio in El Centro (the center of town) would be the place to go.  So we drove into town and got dinner at a pizza place.  After dinner and some drinks we headed over to El Divino.  The place is separated into a pretty cool lounge area and one giant room where the club is.  The dance floor club area was pretty amazing.  The whole outer area is kind of raised like you’re in a stadium which is all “VIP” which just means you are getting bottle service.  At one end of the room there is a raised balcony where the stage is and where the band plays, and there are various bars around the outskirts of the club. The girls at El Divino are just utterly absurd.  If you were a model scout, you could walk into the club, grab the first 10 girls you see, and you’d have the new Victorias Secret angels.  The first part of the night was kinda boring because the band was terrible (at least to my American ears) and were playing weird kinda Samba music that nobody seemed to really be able to dance to.  After the band ended they started playing the type of techno/house music you’d typically hear at a club and it ended up being really fun.  Me and ‘Dro ran into some of the girls I had met at the hostel and we danced with them all night and had a blast.  Around 4 we all called it a night and headed home.  I was pretty beat and went right to bed but the rest of the guys stayed up all night and went to the beach to catch the sunrise. 
[gallery orderby="title"]
