---
comments: true
date: 2009-12-05 19:33:45
layout: post
slug: florrrrripa
title: Florrrrripa
wordpress_id: 888
categories:
- Brazil
---

Florianopolis is the Hamptons of Brazil.  It's an island just off the South coast of Brazil connected to the mainland by a big iconic bridge.  I left Rio in the middle of the day with the goal of reaching Sao Paulo by 8PM so I would have time to get to a hostel for the night, or crash with Abreu before continuing on my journey to Floripa the next day.  Unfortunately my bus got in a little late and I had forgotten to book a hostel.  I was worried about searching the mean streets of SP for a hostel so late at night so I just hopped on an overnight bus to Floripa.  This way I'd get to Floripa a day early and have time to meet some people and get the lay of the land before the rest of the crew arrived.  Bus travel, via the 1001 bus company, is the most comfortable way I've ever traveled with maybe only the exception of the sleeper train in Thailand.  The most fun way I've traveled was the sleeper boat in Thailand, although way less comfortable.  I arrived in Floripa and met an English girl named Max who had a hostel she was headed to so I joined her on the bus.  We made it to the hostel in Barra Lagoa which is on the southeast side of the big lagoon in the middle of the island. Met some cool people at the hostel.  One kid from NYC who lives in the EV and works for JPMorgan.  He had done the southeast asia trip just like me and was hooking up with a Sweedish girl he was traveling with.  One night on an island in Vietnam his whole crew that he'd been rolling with got wasted and one of the kids with them had his marriage license and they got married.  Totally trumped all my stories from SEA. The hostel was called Tucano hostel and was one of the best I've stayed at.  The kids that ran it were really cool and friendly and every night would make dinner for everyone, and run a bar on the premises making caparinhas and then organize a big van to take people to whatever the hot spot of the night was.  Dinner was an awesome Thai dish and I got drunk with a bunch of Aussies, Europeans and some South American girls.  We all headed to a bar off Praia Joaquina for Samba night.  I had mixed feelings about the night.  Per usual, the talent was top notch, but I didn't know the dance steps that all the Brazillians new.  It was really hard and fast and I've never seen such impressive dancing.  One of the Brazillian girls staying at our hostel tried to teach me and I got it OK but not well enough to lead any other girls.  Had a great time dancing and partying all night with the kids from the hostel though and running around the massive sand dunes on the beach by myself and chilling under the stars.  All in all a great night despite the frustration of not being able to dance with any chicks, and not being able to talk to any girls because no one speaks English.  Really need to step up the efforts to learn Portugese.
