---
comments: true
date: 2009-10-30 23:54:04
layout: post
slug: beijing
title: Beijing
wordpress_id: 563
categories:
- China
---

My time in Beijing was a crazy blur.  I literally only spent 27 hours in Beijing but got a remarkable amount accomplished in 1 day.  I took a cab to the bus station at 8AM and hopped on the great wall tourist bus.  They leave every 10 minutes and are cheap (12RMB) and incredibly convenient to visit the wall.  The Great Wall literally sent chills down my spine.  It’s something I’ve always wanted to see, and pictures just don’t do it justice.  First off I didn’t realize they had built it through mountains.  It sprawls across a huge mountain range with dramatic changes in elevation so steep at points you really need to hold the handrail as you walk along so that you down slip and go head over heels down the incline.  I spent a couple hours walking around on it and was dead tired by the time I got back to the bus station.  It makes you wonder how many millions of man hours and lives were lost completing such a massive undertaking.  How they did it without any modern tools is just beyond me.  
After the wall I headed back to town and caught a short cab to the forbidden city.  The forbidden city was cool, but after having seen like 10 million temples over the past month or two, I wasn’t blown away.  It’s definitely worth seeing if you are in Beijing, and is really impressive, I just got kinda bored quickly.  
I headed back to my hotel around 5PM and Iris, the Chinese girl I’d met in the KL airport, came to pick me up around 6.  We went to eat at this famous restaurant called Quan Ju De which is right by this really beautiful lake Shi Cha Hai.  I was really glad she took me here as dinner was awesome, the show was awesome, and the area in general was just really cool.  After dinner we walked around the area, down two very famous streets called Nan Luo Gu Xiang and "The Skewed Tobacco Pouch Street."  After that we cruised over to the Olympic park to see the two big stadiums but they are only lit up until 9PM so they were significantly less cool looking without the lighting, but still nice to see them.  We also saw this building that was built to look like a Dragon near Olympic park called Pan Gu.  It's a pretty cool looking building for sure.
After the Olympic park I was challenged to a little Karaoke competition because Iris did not believe I was a good singer.  Plus, you got to do Karaoke when you are in Asia.  So we headed to Mai Le Di to tear it up.  I got a 6 pack of Tiger beers and we rented a private room and tore up the karaoke machine.  Needless to say she was pretty impressed with my karaoke skills.  Had planned on going out after my dinner with Iris but it was 3am by the time I got home so I just hit the sack immediately as I had to be up at 530AM to get to the airport for my flight to Tokyo.
[gallery]
