---
comments: true
date: 2009-11-06 17:56:13
layout: post
slug: roppongi-hills
title: Roppongi Hills
wordpress_id: 731
categories:
- Tokyo
---

After such a long night out I basically burned a whole day resting.  The day after that unfortunately was pouring rain so I wasn't sure what I was going to get to do.  After talking to some people at breakfast, they suggested I do the Roppongi Hills museum tour.  I checked out the Suntory Art Museum which was actually quite beautiful given that I hate art.  They had an exhibit on Japanese paper.  This included everything from just straight up different types of paper made in the traditional Japanese way, to incredible Oragami type foldings and creations of flowers and really large displays all made of paper.  It was actually really impressive.  After that I headed to the Fuji photo center where they had pretty awesome landscape pictures of all of the most beautiful cities in the world.  I finished up my tour with a visit to the Mori Art Museum which was awesome.  The museum had an exhibition by Ai WeiWei who is a famous Chinese modern artist who got popular during a ten year stint in NYC during the late 80's and early 90's.  His exhibit was actually pretty cool.  He seemed to have this fusion between Western and Eastern art and minimalist combined with contemporary.  The highlight of the visit was actually a movie by another Japanese film artist whose name I neglected to write down.  This sick movie must have come straight out of either Bryan Thomas or Julian Kelly's mind.  The filmmaker put an ad out in a dutch newspaper looking for someone who could tell a really sad personal story on film.  He gets the guy in this tiny little room that's decorated kind of like a spaceship.  The guy starts telling his story which basically consists of meeting the girl of his dreams, getting her pregnant, marrying her, his wife leaving him because of his drinking, and him losing access to his daughter which was emotionally crushing.  The whole time this guy is telling the story he is on the verge of tears.  The filmmaker is dressed like some kind of martian with silver paint all over his face and this bizzare costume.  Every time the guy would get about into the story the filmmaker would interrupt and ask the guy to change his pose, or put something else on to the point of utter ridiculousness.  Check out the pics at the end of the post to see the progression.  Honestly it's something you have to see to believe, i was in tears laughing at this movie.  The poor guy is like pouring his heart out and the filmmaker has him shirtless with like a french bread roll in his mouth by the end.  The climax of the film is the filmmaker sticking his head through a hole in the wall and squealing like a pig while the guy is trying to talk.  It's honestly enough to make you fall of your seat laughing because it's just so f*cked up. [gallery]
