---
comments: true
date: 2009-11-14 18:49:46
layout: post
slug: back-in-hawaii
title: Back in Hawaii
wordpress_id: 766
categories:
- Hawaii
---

Stepping off the plane back in Hawaii almost 2 years to the day that I left felt like coming home.  A large part of that was probably just my joy at being back in America and out of the craziness of Asia.  So nice to be around native English speakers, and all the other little nuances that make being abroad so difficult just washed away and everything is simple and easy again.  Dennis picked me up at the airport and the first thing I did was get a Sausage Mcmuffin with egg, Cool Ranch Doritos and Red Gatorade.  I had been dying for the latter two while travelling and hadn’t been able to find either since I’d left the states.  I threw all my stuff down at Dennis’ place, where I’d be staying for the first few nights of my trip and did my laundry and took care of errands that’d been too difficult to take care of from abroad.   
We left for Molokai the following evening around 9PM after a nice dinner out with Dennis and his wife.  One of Dennis’ friends Scott was joining us.  He’s in his 40’s and was an amazing addition to the crew.  He’s an alcoholic ex-pilot who is just hilarious.  He had great stories and is viscerally nervous at all times.  He worried constantly about all these things that I’d never think to worry about and Dennis wouldn’t ever answer him and would  just tell him to Shut the F*ck up about every 10 minutes.  The ride over to Molokai was perfect.  Just the right amount of wind and a surprisingly calm ride through the channel with maybe 5 foot swells.  We arrived at Molokai about 10AM after watching a gorgeous sunrise on the water.  We walked into town and had an amazing breakfast of French Toast on Sweet Bread.  After that we took naps and waited for Dennis’ friend to pick us up.  He had this baby blue old school Ford that must have been from 1960 it was so old but only had 70K miles on it.  He took us to his house which was really chill and right on the water.  It had an awesome screened in porch that looked out over the water and the sunset.  We kicked it with him for a while and then he let us take his car and drive around the island.  We went to see Kalapaupa where the leper colony used to be.  It’s a pretty spectacular view from the cliffs as I’d only seen it from the North side of Molokai from the boat on the way back from Maui a few years earlier.  The Molokai sea cliffs are the largest in the world and Kalapaupa is a peninsula that extends out from the cliffs.  
Back in the day when leprosy ravaged Hawaii people were basically banished here so as to contain the spread of the disease.  It’s a perfect natural prison as you can’t climb 3000 foot cliffs and you’re on an island peninsula surrounded by water.  There’s no where to go.  Although leprosy is no longer contagious (antibiotics to kill the disease were developed in the 40’s) most people chose to remain on Kalapaupa even after they were allowed to leave as it had become their home more than the islands that had banished them.  So today, there’s still a small town on the peninsula where the remaining survivors live.  It’s a pretty fascinating story and I’ve read two books about it which I’d recommend to anyone interested in the story.
After checking out the peninsula and the “phallic rock” we headed back into town.  We made sandwiches and dinner on the boat and got to work on the handle of rum we had brought.  We met up with Dennis’ friend at hotel Halloween party around 9PM.  We spent a few hours kicking it and drinking at the hotel and then (probably stupidly) decided to sail to Maui that night.  Around midnight we pulled out of the harbor and sailed into the channel.  You can see the lights of Lahaina, Maui from Molokai so steering is not a problem at night and the wind bent just the way it needed to so we didn’t have to tack at all on the way to Lahaina.  I had the tiller for the whole 6 hour sail from Molokai to Maui and it was both exhausting and exhilarating.  Dennis caught up on some much needed sleep and Scott stayed on deck with me before falling asleep a few hours into the sail.  At sunrise as we were approaching Maui I woke Dennis up, hit the sack, and let him drive us into the Lahaina harbor.  There were no slips available so we anchored at one of the Yacht club’s mooring balls and took the dinghy in.  We ate breakfast and then mostly slept the day away and prepared for the big Halloween party that night.  We got a recommendation from a bartender to buy grass skirts at longs as it was a cheap easy costume.  We picked up the costumes and then headed back to the boat to pregame.  Around 9PM when we were sufficiently drunk we headed to the streets.  The main drag of Lahaina is just one main road and there were people all dressed up just walking up and down the streets.  I’ve done a few Halloweens on Oahu and it’s always a crazy affair and I had been promised a Mardi Gras type party on Maui that made Oahu seem like kids stuff.  Unfortunately we found out that things had started getting so out of hand two years ago that the police had basically shut down the party.  There weren’t that many people on the streets and the first bar we went into was pretty much empty.  We decided to head to Moose Mcgilcutty’s as that was the only place we were sure there’d at least be some party.  Moose’s had a long line but once we got in there weren’t many people there.  There talent in the bar was particularly lacking so Scott and I just pounded double gin and tonics and got out on the dance floor and had a ball.  Dennis met some couple on their honeymoon who liked listening to him talk so he was enthralled and headed back to the boat with them.  I think Scott and I left when the bar closed and headed back to the boat.  It was a great night despite it being less crazy than I had expected.
The next morning we had breakfast and headed out early to get back to Oahu.  I did about 6 of the 10-12 hour sail back to Oahu and it was again just about perfect.  It was a beautiful day, small swell, and perfect wind.  We rolled into Oahu around 9PM exhausted and immediately hit the hay when we got back to the Condo.
[gallery]
