---
comments: true
date: 2010-03-31 21:27:52
layout: post
slug: barylochay
title: Barylochay
wordpress_id: 1296
categories:
- Brazil
---

I left Mendoza on the way to the lakes region of Patagonia, namely Bariloche.  It was another overnight 16 hour bus journey and I was a little concerned about my housing situation in Bariloche as the few hostels I had contacted had said they didn't have room for the first night of my arrival.  I got into the center of town around 5PM and immediately set about trying to find a room.  Almost all the hostels are located on the same strip which took a bit of time to find but once I was there it was pretty easy to ascertain whether or not they had space.  One hostel was nice enough to let me put my stuff down there while I looked for rooms and I slowly worked my way through every hostel in the town.  Around 9PM I realized there wasn't one bed in the whole town, hostel or hotel and started to get a little nervous.  It was really cold and was drizzling.  I had planned on just throwing on a few layers of clothes and sleeping outside but there really wasn't anywhere to sleep outside and it was unbearably cold.  I went back to the hostel that had let me put my stuff there and asked if they'd be willing to let me crash on a couch for the night and luckily there was a cute girl behind the desk who I could flirt with and she acquiesced.  I went to another hostel she recommended that had a bar and people to hang out with for a beer.  I ran into Chris, a guy I had met at Independencia and he was with another friend of his, John, he'd met in BA.  Chris was in the same situation as me and I told him to go talk to the people at my hostel and they hooked him up too.  We had a few beers and hit the sack early.

The next day we did an amazing bike tour called the 7 lakes bike tour because as you  might guess you cycle around 7 lakes.  It's gorgeous terrain although slightly hillier than I was in shape for and we finished the day absolutely exhausted.  During the bike ride we stopped in a little town with sort of a craft fair and got sausage and beers to give us some energy for the trip, and did a few little side trail hikes.  Per usual, I fell in love with the girl who ran the bike rental place and we chilled a bit with her when we finished the day up.  I was pretty keen on relaxing while I was in Patagonia so I didn't "go out" at all while I was there.  On my last day in Bariloche we did the "Otto" hike which is a pretty steep hike up a beautiful mountain that overlooks the whole valley.  It's supposed to be one of the top 10 views in the world and when we reached the top we were not dissappointed.  It was about an hour up to the top and from the top you had a 360 degree view of all the mountains.  Just incredible.  Kind of looked like pictures of Scotland I'd seen.  I stayed at Pudu hostel which was really cool.  Everyone who worked there was really chill and I met a bunch of really friendly, rustic sort of travelers.  I left Bariloche after 3 nights and 2 and a half days of pure Patagonian beauty ready for the wonders of the end of the world.  [gallery]  
