---
comments: true
date: 2010-01-20 14:25:57
layout: post
slug: la-boca
title: La Boca
wordpress_id: 1166
categories:
- Argentina
---

The day after La Bomba I did a walking tour of La Boca with the love of my life Heidy.  It's a really cool area despite existing solely for the purpose of entertaining tourists.  There's about 4 blocks of La Boca which are safe for tourists, and the rest, "the real Boca" is very dangerous.  The touristy area of La Boca is extremely colorful and all the houses are painted multiple colors because when they were painted about a hundred years ago, the poor would steal paint at night from the port ships and just grab any color and put it on their house and then come back the next night and grab a different color and slowly paint their house in this manner.  La Boca is also famous for being the birthplace of the Tango.  The best part of the Tango is that it seems like a really romantic dance and what not.  The type of thing you learn to do with the love of you life, in my case Heidy, but in reality Heidy informed us that this dance was the dance the sailors did with the hookers.  La Boca was a port, and sailors would come ashore, and of course what do sailors want when they get to port?  So this dance evolved as the dance they did before the other stuff went down.  This may be the funniest thing I've learned in BA so far.

Best part of the day:  There are tango dancers, male and female who approach people of the opposite sex and ask you if you want a picture with them, and they give you a coat and what not so you look like a dancer.  Of course this costs money and I didn't want to pay someone just to take a picture with me.  But this gorgeous girl approaches me and is like do you want to take a picture with me and i'm like no, lo siento, gracias.  And she just goes "why not"? And I just froze, and couldn't come up with a good reason that wouldn't sound like I was cheap or offensive so I just go, OK.  And she smiles, we take some pictures, and I was 20 pesos poorer.  However, the pictures were fun, so all in all I was happy.[gallery orderby="title"]

[gallery orderby="title"]
