---
comments: true
date: 2010-10-10 02:39:32
layout: post
slug: paris-day-4
title: Paris Day 4
wordpress_id: 1711
categories:
- Paris
---

Woke up really late again, and had a slow start and then a quick breakfast.  We decided the one big thing we wanted to get done was the Louvre so we headed over there.  Turns out the Louvre sucks, and the art there is terrible.  The Mona Lisa may be the worst painting I have ever seen.  However, I liked the Spanish painters the best, followed by the French, and the Italians the least.  I did like the really massive paintings as I think it's impressive to be able to create something so large without getting lost in the details.  After the Louvre, we came back to the apt for naps and some snacks, Euchre, beers, and then out again.  We bailed on the electro dance party we were planning to attend due to a 30 Euro cover and decided to go to this favela chic place which definitely looked like a favela.  Pre favela we went to some super high end bar very similar to death and co in the east village.  Super expensive really really well made drinks, very LES styled insides and a pretty dapper bouncer.  After a few rounds there we headed to the favela place and we were really pumped but they assured us there was no way they would let in 4 dudes with no chicks.  So we headed to our plan B but were unable to find it.  Along the way we stopped for gyros and met two French girls on vacation in Paris.  They had some destination in mind and invited us to join but we all walked around aimlessly before finally finding it.  By the time we got there though, the place was pretty empty/weird scene, like 90 year old man with no shirt on weird, so we decided to bail and just get a decent night of sleep.
[gallery]

