---
comments: true
date: 2010-03-31 20:52:44
layout: post
slug: mendoza
title: Mendoza
wordpress_id: 1244
categories:
- Argentina
---

I took off from BA after an absolutely insane two weeks.  What an amazing city.  The bus ride to Mendoza was relatively reasonable at around 8 hours and passed without incident.  It was suggested to me that I stay at Independencia Hostel by some friends in Millhouse so I inquired for directions in my broken spanish and set out walking towards town as it was only a 15 minute walk.  Independencia was just what I was looking for.  A chill, clean, spacious hostel with about 35 beds.  It had a huge outdoor courtyard where everyone seemed to chill, eat, drink, smoke and mingle.  After about 5 minutes sitting in the main living room inside watching TV I ran into Charles who was this crazy British guy who lived in LA and who I'd partied with quite a bit in BA.  Normally I would've been stoked to see him but I was a bit apprehensive because my body had literally shut down after all the partying in BA.  The first night we decided to stay in and play cards in the courtyard.  We invited Mel, an British woman who had been living in Sydney and a Dutch girl whose name I never could pronounce to play cards and drink beers with us.  We ended up playing asshole, or as the rest of the world calls it, shithead all night and ended up having a blast.  Two Aussie chicks rolled in around 10 PM absolutely shitfaced and could barely walk.  They joined us for cards and were absolutely hilarious and a great addition.  
[youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WqSX3TjUt9A]

The next day we woke up hungover but early so we could do Mr. Hugo's wine tour which just about everyone in South America will tell you to do.  We rounded up a pretty good crew of around 8 people including another Aussie named Josh who had just arrived minutes before, although two British chicks, Olivia & Mary, and their friend Chris, declined our invitation leading me to believe they sucked.  Mr. Hugo's may have been the highlight of all of South America.  You take about an hour bus out to an area with about 10 different vineyards as well as a wine museum, he rents you bikes, and you're free for the day to just cruise around and do your thing.  We ended up joining forces with two more Americans we met along the way from Colorado and LA and settled down at a beautiful winery.  They gave us the run through of all the different types of wine and we figured it was cheaper to just buy one of each bottle rather than doing their tasting as we had a huge group of around 15 people.  We had run into another group of Americans (probably the most American's I saw anywhere in the world) once we arrived at the winery and they wanted to split the wine with us.  So we all chilled outside in the beautiful courtyard right next to all the vines and slowly worked our way through about 10 bottles of wine.  By the time we were ready to leave everyone was pretty wasted and half the group wanted to head further down the road to check out the last winery.  Mel, the dutch girl, and I all hung back and decided to just meet the rest of the group at Mr. Hugo's later as we didn't want to bike further away just to turn around and come back as it was getting late in the day.  We arrived back at Mr. Hugo's around 6PM and it was an absolute festival.  To set the scene, he runs this company out of his house, so you're just sitting at someones house on the side of the road, and he has tons of tables and chairs and benches set out on his front lawn, and speakers just pumping out Argentinian club jams.  All you can drink wine is included with your $25 bike rental so everyone back at the house was waaaasted.  There was probably a big group of about 30 of us and we just kicked it at Mr. Hugo's until around 9 when people finally slowed down and hopped the bus back into town.  At this point a bunch of groups split up.  Josh left with a bunch of Canadian girls, and i went back the Americans and Mel to a nice hotel room to shower and get ready for the evening.  There's a really cool street in the center of Mendoza which is surprisingly hip and has a ton of cool cafe type bars where everyone sits out on the sidewalks and hangs out.  We chilled and drank some beers and enjoyed a beautiful evening but were all exhausted from the long day of drinking and called it in early.  [youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlXznkpXAgE]
[gallery]
