---
comments: true
date: 2010-04-01 01:51:27
layout: post
slug: paraty
title: Paraty
wordpress_id: 1377
categories:
- Brazil
---

After a crazy week of work in NYC and a great time seeing all my old friends, I hopped a plane back to BA, then to Sao Paulo, and then caught an overnight bus to Paraty.  This was probably the biggest disaster of the whole trip.  Sometime during the night, we stopped off at some random bus stop, and I asked the bus driver if I could go get food.  I went to get food and returned about 4 minutes later to find that the bus had left without me.  In a panic i tried talking to various official looking people but basically got nowhere other than to confirm there was another bus coming later that night, and that they would get me on it.  I begged them to call the bus driver on his radio and try and secure my belongings but my weak portuguese could not get that across, ironically my dictionary was on the bus with the rest of my stuff...Another bus arrived around 2 in the morning and I hopped on and arrived in Paraty around 5AM.  I took a cab to the hostel and waited for morning to come so I could try and get my stuff.  To make a long story short, I went back to the bus terminal, found out they didn't have my stuff, and had a hostel employee call the main company to explain the situation.  At that point I only had the clothes on my back and pretty much ruled out getting my stuff back.  Luckily, a bunch of kids in the hostel I had met at the Millhouse hostel in BA and so I joined up with them to go to Trinidade beach. There were about 7 different beaches in the area and we went kinda beach hopping all afternoon. It was brutally hot but the beaches were awesome and we made a good day of it.  We finished by doing a little hike up a river/waterfall sort of spot and checked out this sort of cave you can slip into.  We met some cool locals and chilled with them for a bit.  We headed back towards the main beach where a few restaurants were and grabbed some food and beers.  Then out of nowhere Olivia showed up and we had one of those OMG what are you doing here moments even though I had been planning on meeting her in Paraty we were an hours bus ride away from the our hostel where we were supposed to meet up.  Pablo, one of the hostel employees had brought her to Trinidade to look for me assuming that's the only place I could be if I wasn't in town.  We all headed back as it got a bit later and had a nice chill night back at the hostel.  Some of Liv's friends from Floripa were staying at her hostel right next to mine, two Aussies named Lex and Ben who were super chill and we all kicked it and drank beers in the main square.  The next day we did this big boat trip to a bunch of little beaches.  The boat was huge and had nice white lounger chairs on it so me and Liv just chilled out, talked story, and jumped off the boat and swam around when we got to the various island swim spots.  An amazing day.

After about two days in Paraty Liv was losing it because she had no AC in her room and was basically dripping with sweat all night so we decided to move on to Isla Grande.  We caught a nice bus to Angra Dos Reis, where the end of the line bus terminal was, and Liv went with me to get my stuff.  We got back all my stuff, except computer, hard drive, cables, headphones etc, but were able to recover my camera after much negotiating and yelling.  We missed the cheap ferry so instead took a sweet catamaran ride to Isla Grande.  It was well worth the extra money as we got to sit on the roof of the boat and drink beers in the sun and chill out for the 45 minute ride.  We met some hilarious Canadians and probably the most beautiful girl I've ever seen who happened to be French and I got to practice my French with.  We rolled into Isla Grande and had only booked one night at Che Lagarto which luckily was one of the sickest hostels I've ever stayed at.  It was about a 5 minute walk down the beach, sort of at one end of the town, and was built with a deck over the water.  So you could sit out and eat breakfast or dinner on the water every morning/night for 35 Reais a night.  The first night we really lucked out with the one room with the balcony on the water and A/C.  We met up with a giant group of Aussies, a few of whom were girls Liv had hung out with in Floripa and got drinks with them on the beach.  After a few drinks we hit up rodizio (all you can eat meat) for dinner and then went back to our hostel for a band/party on the porch.[gallery]
