---
comments: true
date: 2010-10-08 02:34:23
layout: post
slug: paris-day-3
title: Paris Day 3
wordpress_id: 1693
categories:
- Paris
---

Spent another long day walking around the city capped off by a visit to the Arc D'Triomphe.  Pretty amazing view format the top, 8 roads converging in a circle at the Arc.  Really great day of walking around and Russell explaining all this stuff going on.  Naps and then dinner with Leigh Russ me and Fo at some famous steak restaurant which is Peter Lugers style.  You just tell them how many people and they bring you steak and french fries in the most ludicrous steak sauce.  Everyone licked their plates clean.  Our waitress was this really sweet french woman who chatted with us all night and made jokes about the fact that i had hidden a wine bottle under the table for apres diner and forrest opened the coke she brought him with the wine opener we have been carrying around with us.  After dinner we met up with Jon Beardsley and some other girls who knew Emma Haberman from high school.  We went to some jesus bar which had religious paraphernalia all over the bar and looked like a frat basement with a bathroom with porn magazine cut outs all over the place.  It was a chill bar and we all just kicked it for a while and then decided to get some wine and head down to the water.  Somehow Russ had met some boxer who had fallen in love with him and legitimately would not go away, so he said we were all going home, and was planning on going with this guy, trying to ditch him at some point and then coming to find us.  Within like 5 minutes i get a call from Russ saying that this guy asked some guy for 3 Euro and when the guy said no and lightly pushed him away this guy smoked him in the face, the dudes face exploded, sirens started blaring and Russ ran away.  He met up with us on the banks of the Seine where we camped out and went through a few bottles of wine.  There seemed to be a bit of a party on the other side of the river so Russ and I went to check it out but it had slowly dispersed by the time we got there.  There was a high class party on a boat parked on the side of the river and we tried to sneak/talk our way in but there security guards didn't think it was comical in the least and quickly escorted us back onto the shore.
[gallery]
