---
comments: true
date: 2010-04-01 01:19:09
layout: post
slug: el-chaltan
title: El Chaltan
wordpress_id: 1345
categories:
- Brazil
---

El Chaltan was a quick 4 hour bus ride from El Calafate and I was able to catch the 4PM bus after seeing the glacier and get up there by nightfall.  I checked into the Aubergue Patagonia hostel which was really nice and quaint.  Chaltan the town itself is bizzare in that it seems to just appear out of nowhere.  It looks like a bunch of ice fishing shacks in the middle of a lake.  After checking into my hostel, I went to use the internet to email Sophie to let her know I had her memory card, and on the way back I heard from all the way down the street the sound of that distinctive accent.  I yelled down the road Sophie! And she came running towards me.  She had been drinking quite a bit with two new friends, a married British couple James and Amy who were awesome.  We went to one of the few watering holes in the town and ordered up a few rounds of Quilmes.  After a healthy amount of drinking given that we were supposed to be up early to do a hike the next day we all hit the hay.  In the morning we made some food for the trip and set out for the glacier hike.  The hike was gorgeous all the way and we caught a rare beautiful day in Chaltan for it.  You walk up through a pass in the mountains towards a lake and valley at the base of some mountains that leads to a glacier.  By the end of the hike the wind is so strong you can literally lean all your weight into the wind and it will hold you up.  The last mile of the trek was really crazy and fun as I'd never been in wind nearly that strong and we were jumping off rocks and being carried in the wind a few feet further than you'd normally fly.  We hunkered down in a little bunker made out of rocks and ate lunch and snapped some pictures by the lake.  After lunch we had a nice hike back home.  Sophie wasn't staying in our hostel and so the three of us cooked a nice chili and rice meal and then met Sophie for some beers again.  Everyone was heading out the next day so I got my own gear, tent, gloves, hat, sleeping bag and made up an overnight pack for my hike to the Fitzroy peak, the crown jewel of Chaltan.  The hike itself wasn't too hard as it's only 4 hours each way and I was camping overnight so I only did 4 hours that day, but it was pretty cold and rainy all the way up and unfortunately visibility was almost 0 so I missed on on a lot of the spectacular beauty of the hike.  I got up to the campground a little later than expected because I got lost, and set up my campsite.  I met a cool Polish guy and we chatted for a few hours but unfortunately I hadn't brought any books because my kindle got stolen in Bariloche.  I did my best to fall asleep early as I was told that watching the sunrise at Fitzroy was magnificent.

The next day I woke up around 4 AM and realized I hadn't brought a flashlight and it was pitch dark.  I made friends with some Israelis who had the same plan and they shared some tea and crackers with me to get the blood flowing.  We all set off around 4:30 AM to catch the sunrise.  It was unbelievably cold and I only had a long sleeved tshirt w/shell and jeans on so I was freezing.  Luckily I decided to bring my sleeping bag for warmth and when we got to the spot they had scouted out to catch the sunrise i zipped myself up cocoon style.  The sunrise was a bit cloudy but we did get some 10 second breaks in the clouds which provided for some great if sparing views.  It was an amazing morning and I had a great time with the big Israeli crew.  Once it got a bit lighter I returned to camp and broke down my tent and packed up my gear and headed home.  Unfortunately I missed the views on the way home as well due to rainy cloudy conditions but I was still happy with the trip.  After a few days in Chaltan I returned to Calafate and caught a plane up to Buenos Aires and then out of BA back to NYC![gallery]
