---
comments: true
date: 2010-09-30 01:57:29
layout: post
slug: day-4
title: Roskilde Day 4
wordpress_id: 1597
categories:
- Copenhagen
---

I woke up Day 4 having lost my voice and having such severe pain in my throat that it felt like someone had put a hot poker down my throat, not sure how that happened.  The camp was an absolute disaster and everyone felt like death.  We decided to bail on Day 4 of the festival and just head home early.  After getting some breakfast and water in us though, we felt a little bit better and decided just to hang around and participate in the destruction.  All around us, the festival came apart.  At around 5am that morning the "animal camp" across the street from us had put on the theme from the lion king and massacred their camp before exiting.  We used the whiffle ball batt to swing at just about anything that might explode in an interesting fashion, mayonnaise, tennis balls, wine bags, beer cans, etc.  We were all in that delirious post 3 day binge still hungover and feeling a little crazy haze that you sometimes get.  It was a pretty awesome morning capped by filling 5 gallon freezing cold water jugs and dumping them on members of our campsite who had fallen asleep or were caught unaware.  No no one had the energy to attempt any of the concerts despite a pretty good lineup for the last day, so we all played wiffle ball, ran around a bit, and then headed out in the early afternoon.  The devastation at the festival was pretty amazing.  

We made it back to Emma's apartment a severely depleted crew and decided to go out for a quick bite.  I got pizza, and the rest of the crew got pasta from a new place that had opened up.  Everything was delightful and we made it back just as it started to get dark around 10:30PM.  We threw in wedding crashers and everyone passed out.
[gallery]

