---
comments: true
date: 2010-09-23 17:17:16
layout: post
slug: roskilde-late-thanks-to-russell
title: Roskilde! (Late thanks to Russell)
wordpress_id: 1472
categories:
- Copenhagen
---

We rolled into Copenhagen at 6AM after a 6 hour flight to Iceland, and another 4.5 hour flight into Copenhagen.  Emma surprised us by meeting us in the airport which was pretty awesome.  We headed into Copenhagen to Ostebro where she lives to drop off our stuff.  Russ and Fo went to a cafe to get some breakfast and Emma and I chilled at her apartment.  Then we packed our stuff up and headed to the festival.  We took a train to Central Station and then another train to Roskilde.  The last train we took was super old and had spray paint all over it and looked like a party train.  We were probably the oldest people on the train.  We opened a bottle of Glenfiddich we had picked up at the duty free shop in JFK (crazy cheap) and started passing it around but surprisingly no one on the train wanted any.  What kind of 20 year olds don't want to hit the bottle before a 4 day festival?  The mood in the train was strangely somber for being 5 minutes away from the festival and I started to get worried that it might not live up to expectations.  However, once inside the festival gates, we knew we were in the right place.  

The festival grounds stretch honestly as far as the eye can see, and that's just the West camp, there is a whole 'nother larger camp, the East camp.  About 70,000 people camp out, and every campsite has a pavilion style tent provided by the festival.  The whole setup is remarkably orderly.  Everything is set up in a grid with walkways every 40 feet or so similar to manhattan city blocks.  We found our campsite, and met the girls and fellow Campsite mates we'd be crashing with.  There were 6 girls, and two guys, in addition to me Fo Russ and Leigh (who was to join us the next night).  We immediately started crushing beers and scotch and when we were sufficiently soused we hooked up the ghetto blaster with some old school rap tunes and started roaming the grounds.  Within about 30 minutes a group of Danish girls dressed up in Lederhosen requested to give me a sponge bath in one of those little kiddy pools.  Then they washed my hair.  Everyone was in tears laughing, and it was at this point any doubt that the festival would live up to it's promise vanished.  
[youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLafBYaLCpk]
We met an Irish guy, Cormac, at the same campsite who was there just by himself who had just stumbled across the festival.  He left home at 13 and has been traveling ever since.  He was in jail for 2 years because he had walked into the wrong pub in London with an Irish football jersey on and got the shit beaten out of him.  When they finally let him up he grabbed the first barstool he could find and smashed it through a guys face.  I asked him if he would do it differently if he could go back in time, and he said nope, but if he could change it, he would have just run after he did it.  Fucking hilarious character.  He lives in Sweeden now with his pregnant girlfriend.  

When Emma and Tine first explained Roskilde to me, I looked at the lineup and was so excited to see about 10-15 shows.  However they laughed and told me there was no way I'd want to go to all those shows, that Roskilde is about the people and the camping, the music is just sort of a distraction.  I thought they were idiots, and just didn't understand how much I love music.  However, after being at Roskilde for a few hours you realize that you could care less whether you see even one show.  Overall, I made it to LCD Soundsystem, Vampire Weekend, Kings of Convenience, Florence and the Machine, and Nephew and I think that was it.  

By the time Tine and I went to LCD Soundsystem, we were both thoroughly wasted.  We got to the show about 30 minutes after it started and it was PACKED.  However, Tine was in the zone, and was just touching people on the shoulder and whispering things in their ear, and the red seas would part, we literally made it to the front row from the back of a 5,000 person crowd.  I just held onto her hand and watched the magic happen.  When we finally got to the front we absolutely rocked out.  LCD killed it per usual. 
[youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FyiW8sYGms]
 After the show we took as many pictures with the random people we met on the way back to the campsite.  The rest of the evening was relatively uneventful, although Forrest met two Sweedish girls and went to the Gorillaz concert with them, and I can't remember where Russell went.  The other crazy thing about Roskilde is that it's light till about midnight and then gets light again at like 4am.  So almost the entire time you are there it is light out.  The first night I think we hit the sack at about 4AM. 
[gallery]
